# EPGPLootmaster

EPGP LootmasterEPGP Lootmaster provides a nice GUI for distributing loot and GP to the raid. It sends a popup and a message to all raid members with the question wether they want the loot or not and sends this response to the master looter. The ML gets a nice list of every raider’s choices sorted by EP/GP.Whisper systemThis mod no longer requires everyone in your raid to install it! Raid members can now just whisper the master looter with a simple message: /w masterlooter !epgp need/greed/pass [itemlink] This, however, will not send the current equipment to the master looter ui. It’s still strongly suggested that everyone installs the mod, but it’s nolonger mandatory. The master looter, of course, still needs to install it ?Config/lm options for some basic options.Auto announce threshold: sets what kind of item raid members automatically get to see.Auto looter: sets a raid members that will automatically receive BoE and BoU items below the threshold (for disenchantment or bank).Listen for incoming monitor updates: Enabling this will make your client listen from updates from the master looter. It will show you the exact same interface as the master looter. This way you could help deciding who gets the loot.UseJust install this mod on every raid member. Set someone up a master looter. As soon as the ML tries to loot something, epgp_lootmaster will detect it and will try to handle the distribution for you. epgp_lootmaster will also handle the GP distribution for you and should automatically disable the EPGP GP input popup. You can also manually disable this popup from the EPGP options panel. /lm version or /lm versioncheck This will show you an interface where you can see wether the members of your guild or raid have installed lootmaster and what version.Additional functionsWhile it’s not something that’s endorsed by the EPGP system, EPGPLootmaster does have built in Voting and Bidding systems. You can configure these systems easily from the configuration panel (/lm config).Bidding systemThe bidding system allows players to place a custom GP bid for an item. The highest bidder wins the item. This works either by inputting your bid on the need/greed/pass selection popup, or by using the whisper system: /w masterlooter !epgp need [itemlink] [bid]Voting systemThe voting system allows the master looter to request help from the loot council to select a proper candidate for an item. This has been implemented because some guild want to use PR for the majority of their loot but sometimes they want to bypass and select a candidate manually, by placing votes. The configuration panel allows you to define who are the members of your loot council: either the assistants in your raid or a selection of ranks in your guild or both or everyone in your raid. You can configure as you see fit.
