# Kader’s Raid Utilities

KRU – Kader’s Raid UtilitiesRaid MenuThis is a simple menu that can be positioned anywhere you want (right-click to move) and allows raid leaders/officers to execute some tasks in a single click: Disband Group, assign Main Tank & Main Assist, do a Ready Check, open Raid Frame and Converts party to raid.Loot MethodAllows you to configuration the loot methods to use in party or raid, as well as the loot threshold. Whenever you create a party or a raid, it automatically sets those for you. Command:/loot.Auto InvitesIf you are familiar with oRA3 auto invite feature, this is the same. It offers a set of buttons to use to quickly invites guild members and allows you to set invite keywords, if players whisper you those keywords they will be automatically invited. Command:/invites.Paladin AurasAllows you to track paladin auras in your party or raid. It only shows the aura you have, so if more than one paladin are using the same aura, only the caster of the one you have is shown. It also tracks Aura Mastery, as soon as it is used, it shows its icon near the player who used it. Command:/auras.Healers ManaTracks the mana of healers in your party or raid. It shows the percentages of their mana left if they are alive, and Dead or Offline if they are. It also shows the Drinking icon with cooldown whenever they are drinking. Command:/mana.Sunder ArmorIt tracks Sunder Armor usage. If the display header (title) is shown, you can right-click on it to open a menu to Report or Reset counter. If you choose to hide the title, you can always used the provided slash commands. Commands: /sunder, /sunder report and/sunder reset.Raid CooldownsA simple and customizable raid cooldowns tracker, a clone of RaidCooldowns. Command:/rcd.Combat TimerA simple yet customizable combat timer that can use its own frame or the in-game Stopwatch.
