# CLC DK

This is a mod designed to put all the neccessary Death Knight information together in an easy to see display. The author hated looking all over the screen for multiple information (Disease Duration, Cooldowns, buff durations, GCD timer, runic power, runes, etc.) So he developed this addon to have all the information in one place. I came along some time later and, having been distressed by the lack of knowledge most players had about how to effectively play Death Knights, found this addon to be an amazing help when I referred people to it. I made use of the CD and rune display as well and after the original author stopped support I found I missed it dearly. Other DK runebars out there simply didn’t have the flare, versatility, or the extra CD tracking functionality. I got in touch with him and he honored me with the role of continuing the project. Since a serious overhaul was needed to make it function in MoP, I quickly became invested in it, and now take great pride in this little piece of art. Here is how it works.FeaturesRunes: The Rune cool-down is an borrowed idea from some ideas that popped up on EJ years ago.= rune is off cool-down.X = on full cool-down.number =how many seconds is left on the rune.-Graphical Runes option displays growing bars to represent time remaining, making it easy to approximate them at a quick glance.Runic Power: Self Explanatory.Frost Fever and Blood Plague Durations: Self Explanatory.Priority System: -options to include/exclude diseases, talents and CDs in the rotation.-option to show recommended AoE priority as a smaller icon included in the priority window.-option to suggest when to interruptWhat the Priority is, and is not:-Rotation support for all three specs-This is intended for Single Target Boss Fights-This is only a base rotation, sort of a starting point. There is allot more that goes into a rotation, and I suggest you read up on that. Whether it be on EJ, Noxxic, Icy-veins or some other theory-crafting page.-There is going to be some situations where your own judgment is going to be better (Pestilence, refreshing disease before you run out, etc.).-That being said, I have put a lot of work into designing the rotation to be as optimal as possible.Cooldowns:-There are eight cool-downs you can customize-You can hide each set of two (right set, left set, far right set, far left set)-These include all DK cooldowns, as well as important buffs and procs (such as Killing Machine, Sudden Doom etc.), and trinkets.Disease Tracker-tracks your diseases across multiple targets
