# LunarSphere

When you load up LunarSphere for the first time, you can load up a template for your specific class (Warriors, Druids, and now Death Knights have some sphere addon love) which will contain every spell that your character knows and attach it to the sphere (if you level up and learn new spells, you’ll need to manually add them to the sphere, or, if you never changed your sphere layout, you can just reload the template again).If you’ve never seen any of these addons, or need to know more about LunarSphere, here you go:FeaturesSphereLunarSphere gives you a large sphere on the screen. Around said sphere, you will find 10 buttons that circle around it. These buttons, known as “main buttons,” can take left, middle, and right click assignments to store spells, items, or macros. These buttons can also be turned into menu buttons, allowing an additional 12 buttons per menu button to exist, giving a total of 130 total buttons that you could possibly use, if you desire. The sphere can also function like a button, making the total up to 131 buttons.Sphere Gauges/DisplayThe sphere provides up to two gauges (They look like rings or circular bars) that can display certain information such as health, mana, experience, rep, combo points, and more. You can also set text to be displayed on the middle section of the sphere, to also display your health, mana, rep, and more.ButtonsThe buttons can take actions that to assign them, but there are also special button types that you can assign the the button, such as “Use strongest water,” “Use random epic flying mount,” “Apply best Instant Poison to Main-hand” and more. Some can be seen as specific for certain classes, other button types can be used by all. Lots of “auto bar” type action assignments will happen within LunarSphere, if you assign such actions.Reagent RestockingLunarSphere can restock reagents from a custom list you define. Helpful for tailors who constantly need to restock on thread, or rogues you need poisons, hunters with ammo, priests with candles, and more.Random SpeechesThe random speeches that were trademark of most sphere addons? Yeah, LunarSphere can do that too. The addon comes pre-loaded with a few speeches for your mounts and for resurrecting people, but the sky is the limit since you can create your own speeches and assign them to items and spells that are used. Great for roleplayers, great for people who want to annoy their raid, or make them laugh.SkinningLunarSphere lets you skin the buttons with over 38 circular button skins and any color tinting you want to apply to them. LunarSphere was built to be customizable to fit most, if not all interfaces, no matter the color or design.… and moreTooltip handling and coloring, junk item selling, bank restocking, user interface object hiding (such as the action bar artwork, the main menu buttons, the mini-map zoom buttons, and more), and more can be handled by LunarSphere. If you want to use it as a full action bar replacement, you can hide all the action bars, assign the menu buttons and bag opening features to LunarSphere buttons, and clean up your screen.Memory managementA lot of the extra bells and whistles of LunarSphere can be disabled so that it doesn’t tie up lots of memory. In fact, with all features running, LunarSphere runs on about 850kb of memory and can replace between 3 and 10 addons, depending on the features used.
