# Deadly Boss Mods

DeadlyBossMods is an addon that alerts you when a Boss begins to cast certain spells or use certain skills, allowing you to move, counter, stop damage, run away, etc.In-Game Commands/dbm– shows/hides the GUI/dbm help– Shows all the other slash commands and how to use them.FeaturesBoss mods for all raid bossesColored raid warnings (players will be colored according to their class) with icons – so you will know what’s going on without even reading the messageAuto-respond during boss fights. DBM will inform anyone who whispers to you during a boss fight that you are busy. These messages contain the name and health of the boss as well as the raid’s status. This feature is completely optional and can be disabled by players or even raid leaders for the entire group.HealthFrame: you can enable a simple frame that shows a health bar for all active bosses. This is enabled by default for multi-mob bosses like Four HorsemenBars can be enlarged with decent effects when they are about to expireCrash recovery: Have you had a disconnect or crash during a boss fight? No problem for DBM! It will request the timer and combat status information from other DBM users in your raid group and you get your timers backSynchronization system for accurate timersModular design – all boss mods are plugins and can be exchanged, removed, or updated separatelyLoad on demand – all boss mods are separate AddOns and they will be loaded when they are needed. So they don’t use memory or cpu until you enter the corresponding instanceSpecial effects like the screen flash effect, huge warning messages, and sounds will draw your attention to critical eventsBars can change their color over time and flash before they expireThere are many bar designs to choose from, all designs are customizable: you can change the color, size, icon position etc.Support for SharedMedia, so you can use any texture for your barsOption to create custom timers, so-called “Pizza Timers” for your pizza or whatever you prefer to eat while raiding. You can also send those timers to your raid groupHudMap is built in to achieve greater visuals with heads-up display in many different and creative waysSupport for voice packs in many different supported languages.
